The reason I this right now, we've been in a little bit because obviously the whole point was you were down on data. But Matt has extreme concerns. Matt, if that's too strong in the statement, let me know, but I don't think it is. Supreme concerns about the data driven approach, about enrollment builder in particular, and whether or not it is possible for us to finish in time with the resources that we have currently, without us being at very high risk and also presenting to the client at the end a software platform that they cannot possibly support. And that's why we're having this conversation right now. Matt was going through his justifications and, you know, for this. I was challenging them a little bit around the time that you joined Brandon, for the reasons that you've already heard, which is, I do not want to spitle dissenting concerns. Absolutely not. That's why we pay you guys the big bucks. I want that, and I appreciate that people are willing to have them, and that we can then have this vigorous conversation about it. But I need them to be founded in science and math, and that's got to do forefront. Okay, so that I'll take a step back. I know Brandon, you have a thousand questions. But there you go. Thank you for that. I share the concern earlier of trying to walk back the enrollment builder, so I don't know that there is another option, at this juncture. And so I'd like to dig in and understand more of it as well. I also want to question scope, because it for example, hearing something like a rolls engine, that has never, ever, ever been on the table. And so it'd be unfair to dive fully into this without Jackie present, but we might want to take a laser focus on what exactly has kind of crept into the scene here. Why do we need a rules engine? What is that all about? And I part of my spidey senses that's going off is that perhaps we need to reset on the expectations of what the enrollment builder is really meant to do, and where those boundaries lie, because it's it's not.. I would be surprised that we couldn't deliver it, and part of that surprise comes from prior to going heads down. There was and part of a PI planning, I think, two. They were wrapping up a majority of that enrollment builder, and what was left were things like data Mapper and stuff like that, and so I'm kind of just a little bit, um a little bit questioning, oh, how is it that we can't complete this? My understanding is that we were finally getting to a place where it was saving data and the majority. I had heard that the majority of the enrollment builder components were completed. Um, and we sort of validated a lot of that. Now, to be fair to you, Matt, that was prior to your time, um, but it kind of to the point of circling the wagons with Jackie. My understanding was that a lot of that work was already completed. So maybe we can spend just a moment speaking to that first. Where do the rules engine come from, and what is that meant to accomplish? And then following that, what is our perception on? What is the body of work between now and the completion of enrollment builder that that we are concerned about? I would think West could speak to what's been developed so far. Sorry, the mute button stopped for a second. Um, what's been developed so far, we put the decision components in the last little bit of the prompt components in none of the solves is the decision component. We've got a couple minor things to do. We've found some edge case scenarios that we wanted to address ahead of time in regards to how we're dealing with converging and a few other things like that, and that stuff that kind of came up last minute. So that's the last role bit of the builder portion of it. There is some work with the versioning in regards to connecting it to data mapper that was stuff that we were working on with Robert at that point to kind of come up with all the different parts of that, but in sofar as the builder itself, we're really a sprinter or two away from finishing that portion of it. The versioning may need another sprinter so, but we mostly need to worry about where we're saving and how we're saving the previous versions of the program in associating that with the version of the data mapppper. Those were the things that we were looking at finishing up. Gotcha. We'd want to address one thing that's on the con side complex validations. We are using angular qums. So I'm not sure why we are not able to do that in ours. Exactly. R everything dynamically. It's just not static. So we have complex validations built into that if we want to, we have we can't use any asynchronous custom validators, right? We don't want to. That was never. Why not? Of course. Because it introduces complexity and we take this enrollment. any, any complex enterprise application is going to have to take advantage of its arsenal of things. So we're just saying we're not using angular, you're using angular, but it's a gimpt. No, what I'm saying. Yeah, it is. No, what? Slow down. What I'm saying is that we put very specific boundaries around enrollment builder for exactly this reason. No, it happens to. On. It's It's currently very, very simple because rebuilding angular would be monumental and cannot be done. So I'm not. It's naive to think that the current validators will represent all of the use cases and the forms that need to be built. No, it's naive to assume that. So let's back up for a minute. You're talking about. Well, I've seen the demos valid. I've seen the demos, and I've... drill into your statement, please. So you're talking about a synchronous validations. What requirement is that driving? Because that has been completely out of scope. For a reason. Well, um, we are going to actually have to do a Melissa check during registration in order to verify address. Yes, is a specific functionality that's already been resolved. So that that's just a pure angular validator that does that? No, it's just very specific prompt component that makes an asynchronous call, but we're not generically supporting asynchronous validations. Well, that's a validator. And? It can be handled with the current text Act, so what's the concern? Uh, I haven't seen any place. Uh, the workflow of the transitions is naive. It has a bullion, you know, go here or there, but it's not a true state machine. It's not supposed to be. Well, it has its limitations, so it is what it is. By design. by design.. That's fine. That's fine. I realize what it does. What's that provide here is the additional content. But the thing is, it's it's not designed to collect the core information and map that information into a static database schema. We don't have any of that today. Zero. We don't have. Yeah, that's the dabase. Okay. So if you look at the entire project scope and the amount of effort, time, and resources that has been on the EB, we haven't we've done we can create custom forms with properties and some very simple validators, but we cannot even put data into a database. So you're going to have to make a decision whether you're going to continue EB development and just forego creating all these core core features of this system and deliver on the deadline. So you can do the math. It's not really a technology question, validator, this or that. It's really, can you deliver this on time with all the other features? And from what I see, there's going to be no way that can be done. I think that the math you're using is based on assumptions that are not valid. All right, well, we'll do our project evaluation and Jackie will show you how long it will take with the even adding additional resources to EB to finish it. The data app tool, the current architectural definition of that is incomplete and missing so many details. It has gaps. Every engineer, PO that I've talked to here today, wags their head and says, why are we doing this? And they've given up. They're just like, well, I have no saying this, I've been told what to do. It just happens. So, really, everyone's given up. Everybody's quitting. People aren't showing up to work because it's too hard. People are quitting just because they just don't know what to do or they're not feeling like they're listening to. So there's so many aspects to this equation here. It's not just about enrollment builder. It's about the project. So take, we need to take a step back and look at all of those things. We're trying to manage this project like it's a multiillion dollar company that we're working with and that, you know, we got PI Planning and all these things and we're giving all of our dev teams innovation sprint and all that. Indo the math. It ain't gonna happen. The resources today's, to features, time, it ain't gonna happen. Okay. There's a lot to parse through there. I say, first, let's take a step back and remove the emotion from this situation just a moment, but I understand where you're coming from, and the last pieces that you said are very important aspects of the problem here. Let me back up for a moment and address the technology and the architecture. It sounds like, based on just what I'm learning in this short period of time, that the things that were handed off, things like refining the architecture for the gap between this dynamic bucket of data that the Prompton collect enrollment builder dumps into, and moving that into static tables sounds like that fell on the floor, and that's a gap. We can address that gap. No problem. It sounds like there is a set of assumptions about what the enrollment is meant to do, the breadth and depth of this feature set, that we probably need to address incorrect. That's another gap. We can address that. Moving on to the very important thing that you said, yes, we're process heavy. I get that. Okay. It sounds to me like what we're missing is an overarching direction from a technical perspective and an architecture perspective that puts people's mind at ease and we're all marching in the same direction. It sounds like morale is on the floor or beneath, and that is a very different problem to solve. So I think we need to address these in that order. Let's come together and very quickly close these technical gaps, these architectural situations. We need to work with Jackie to get scope, dialed in. I'm hearing things like version previously. That was not in scope for MVP. If there was anything we needed to fish, complex versioning of programs was something that we could push. So let's let's sharpen our pencils and let's get that tight so that we can begin removing complexity from the equation, you know, from the scope, so that we start to feel better about what it is we can accomplish. Then we need to address the people problem, maybe a little bit unparallel here. It sounds like folks are not uniformly connected to the vision for where this product needs to go, and said scope and MVP. That's something we're gonna have to circle the wagon in the dawn and address. Well, Brandon, you mentioned that the key factor there. There was no technology road map that aligns with the product features, that the product team and stakeholders were aligned to. The focus was on query Builder Today or this week, the focus is on a rules engine. You're exactly right. Where does that fit in? We need it to fit in some places, maybe not here an enrollment builder, but we've had a year into this project. We have no database, we have we're starting to put together technology roadmap, but it has to align with the product features in doing the correct things in the right sequence right now, we have lots of dependencies, lots of cross-cutting concerns, and data issues that need to be resolved. Looking at all of this, I would seriously think, just from a technology person like yourself who's been in this a long time, enrollment builder should be the least of our worries right now. We have a course. very strongly core system to deliver, and we're at risk. So lots of issues. There is no core system without enrollment build. So There can be, Brandon. There' All we need is some angular forms to collect information. Those will never change. They will never change. Brandon. They don't need to change because the data. The stat argument with the requirement schema. Nope That's gap requirements from the client. Brandon, you know what? It wasn't. It's not only me that recognizes this, I've talked to probably five engineers, two different POs. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter? It does matter because No. It doesn't matter because we're missing a very core component to this. And I want to pause there for a moment, because I'm going to need to tag Jill in on this, 'cause there is a concern that you raised that is one that we have raised and one that I've been on many calls with, and that these questions do need to be addressed. But let me let me be very clear. the enrollment builder must be completed. If we. I disagree scope. You are disagreeing with the fundamentals of the requirements that have been promised to this customer. They will change. These requirements ecstatic and reforms will force us to go back to the client and say, "Remember that time we told you that you can respond very quickly to legislative change without getting developers involved?" Yeah, guess what? You can't now. It's not gonna fly, but let's pause there for a minute. Brandon, you're you're flight deck for the original POC mentions that any data filled added to the enrollment builder cannot be used in the system without software or developer assistance. They will need to submit a ticket and have technology and have someone change. So they can have data all day long. I recognize that. But in order for it to be used in the core system, you're going to need to change models, API inpoints, validators, validation rules. You're going to have to have database changes, all of that. So the enrollment builder really does nothing today. But make it more complex to get the right data to the right database scheming. That's the bottom line. And I've said it, and that's all I need to say. Very good. And what I'm going to call you out on here is that you're willing to say a lot, but you're not really willing to listen to a lot. So we're gonna have to take this part off. I'm happy to spend time with you. Who. I'll walk you through.. Brandon, we've been working on this for a couple weeks now. I don't know where you's. I've been working with the team with Philip, with Jill, with Wes, many team members. So that's the. You can say that. I'm not going to respond to this emotion. We don't need to argue. I've been working on this for a long time. Okay, well, where have you been? Other people have said that you checked out months ago. So I don't see it. Okay. Where's the proving on? Okay, guys Brandon, what's your question? Where's the proof? before you go to Kger, Matt, this is kind of unexpected. So I didn't realize that sort of. Well, Bill, you set it up. You set it up. You want You want someone to come in here and and tell you what is not right. That's what I've done for you. But now it's it's a hard pill to swallow. I know it is. And I know that the relationship with the client, what we promised is the big deal here. It is. So if you're going to you going to say that we need to do this, then we're going to have to really figure out how we pull this off. I don't think adding, one or two resources to this is going to solve that problem. We need a team doing the data migration last month yesterday. It has to be priority. We need probability more than one or two developers to finish off in Roman builder. Data mapper is going to be huge in this. So I just, I don't agree with that. hang on, hang on a second. I I want to get this. I want to drag this out of you, Matt, I can sense that you have some frustrations, and some of them are aimed at me, and that's just fine, but I want to make sure you and Nyra communicated on this, because I think there're a fundamental misunderstanding here. And that misunderstanding is that in some way, first off, you don't feel that I'm valuing what you're bringing, and I cannot disagree with that more strongly. This is exactly what I want. I want someone who's going to step in here challenge the status quo. challenge what he's seen, and help us either make it better or change direction, or just lean his shoulder in and push it that's the direction we decide to go. But either way, I appreciate what you're doing. I don't want you to feel like I'm trying to shut you down. That's the same thing that that Rob Beezey did. When when I didn't agree with him that we should scrap enrollment builder basically on a whim and go with this other program that he's in love with, this poor poor IO thing. He just wafted his mind. The fact is, and I said this before, I'm going to say it again. And if you guys aren't hearing me and say this, this is on you, not on me. I want your dissent. I want you to challenge things, but you're going to have to do it professionally. You can't just come to me, Matt and say, "Well, I we can do it. No, we can't do it. Yes, we can't do it, but you're gonna need 50 new people. Okay, great. Let's sit down on paper and let me prove this out, and I will get you what you need, or if it turns out that once we've done this scientifically, it literally can't be done, then I will go in front of the client and say the thing that is going to cause major, major problems, but I' I'll take that. But I'm not gonna walk into that grinder unless I have the facts behind me. So, Matt, you seem really upset. I'm sorry I've driven you to that point. I did not realize you were there. But the next step is the next step, Matt, is going to pay for us to sit down and work through what it will take to do this, and then what the resources are, and we're going to build a project plan out of this, and then we can say,Okay, wow, yeah. Well, we that yesterday. Jill asked Jackie to do that yesterday and she's not here today. We don't have all the features in our project plan. So I've been asking for that for the last two weeks when you asked, you know, how we would do this. So I'm considering not just in Roman builder, like to me, that's it is what it is. The bigger question is, how do we fit it in if we're going to do it? May I drop? Just this? Because this is. Phil, this is probably going to sound very familiar. And Jill, this is where I need your help and attention here. Okay. Underlying the frustration that I believe not is just coming from Matt, but that he's representing from the team. This has been underlying the technical challenges, even when I was in full position before the UNT stuff. The fact that I'm hearing that we don't have a roadmap boggles my mind, and this is something that we have tried to chase Jackie down on. It's a hot button, it's a trigger. I thought we had one. But the management of scope, when we push back on features, I was on the call where, where Matt said, "Well, how are we gonna do query Builder when we don't even have the data? Why are we doing that now?" And it was just, well, we just have to do it. Our lack of rigor around requirements, our lack of rigor around technical roadmap, it's a dictation. And it comes from a completely uninformed place, and it has riddled this project with complexity and this kind of frustration, the entire step of the way. Very poor requirements, lack of focus around what real MVP is, very process heavy, but no real regard to the quality and how actionable stories are, a road map that makes any sense. height control of scope. I remember when film many months ago said, "We're gonna need to start controlling scope.E the client is asking us to do that." And we haven't. The fact that we've got rules engine on the table is nuts. That should not be coming in in this, you know, the latter half of this year, there's no way we need a tension for this. I need I mean, we would definitely need to understand what's driving that. And so we're in this position here, and this has been a sticking point for a very long time, where the lack of technical focus and roadmap that is informed by the architects and the technical leads, and agreed upon and, you know, ironclad, that can't be missing. And so how I remember when you had pressed Jackie for that, and I thought that she delivered one, what's kind of the update on that has that fallen to the wayside, or do we did something happen and we didn't get a roadmap? I think the challenges we have had so much turnover in the technical space. So who is who is the voice to go to? So not that this is an excuse, but I think that's been the biggest challenge in getting that single voice of truth from the technical side, weighing in and walking hand in hand with her in building out that roadmap. So I don't disagree with anything you said. I think that is something that we do need to do ASAP is get to informed, kind of lockstep technical lead, looking at the product and making sure that we're in sync. I'm going to push back on that because even during my tenure in that seat, that is not. That is not the way this goes. It's It's very much, here's what we're doing next. But that doesn't make sense. How can you do that when you don't have data? Well, this is what we're doing. That's that's what the teams are saying as well. I' Literally, exactly. Almost word forward. A roadm should not have a strong dependency on technical. It should come from requirements based and So I have a question, and this is an honest question, not a leading question. is what Jackie has built out in Jiro, using that you, advanced road maps, you're basically using that gant functionality in there, right, is what she's built out in there, not what we're talking about here. It's No, I don't think so. It's a very fluid thing. It's very PI oriented. Not necessarily what the beginning and ending of this project should be, and I don't think so. Yeah. Evidenced by the fact that we've got something like a rolls engine, which is a That's a heavy concept for a system. There needs to be rigor behind the need to drive something as complex as a rules engine. Needing logic and a system does not justify a rules engine, so it could just be a mixmash of words, but that's an important point, I think, to focus on is why is this. We need a lockdown scope, we need a lockdown with the MVP of this is based on what the requirements are, based on what the client defines as the definition of done in success for this system, then we can get technical folks in to say, here's what we can do in this allotted time against this scope.Oh by the way, we can't do that or we need to walk this back or what have you, but it can't be the other way around where we're dictating what we do, and then a roadmap follows. Well, can it be aligned, though, Brandon? I think that the technology roadmap, the infrastructure, the foundational elements of this system, have to be part of the equation when product looks at what features we're going to develop, the order of sequence, those types of things. Because right now, the focus is on things that are kind of upside down a bit. We're working on things that we're doing query Builder. There is no data. That's the good one. We're working on a micros service structure when Elton has spent months and we have a document and he can install Docker on his computer. That's all we have today. Did you ever track down when you ever track down if he completed that spreadsheet of the domain mapping? Uh, he does not have that. It's not documented. So I just about it, but. So we can get emotional about where I've been and all these things, but I think there's a core foundation here that we have to keep some technical folks very honest about. I, yeah. They signed up for some things, and there's been some serious balls that have hit the floor. Well, he said he could do it, and wanted to do it. The last sprint and sprint before, he was all gung ho, but nothing nothing's been delivered. The last sprint, he had 10 days of installing Docker. That is a different problem. It totally is. That's not an enrollment builder problem. It reflects. It reflects.. where we're at in terms of the entire project, what we need to do, what we need to focus on. But I think the technology road map has to align with product. You know, we have to push back and say, Jackie, it doesn't, we can't do Quer Builder today. It shouldn't be a focus. And I remember you pushing back and products said, "Thou shall. And Jill, we're gonna need help with that. I mean, that has nothing to do with technical turnover. Well, my problem is, I'm a product owner, an architect that at the same time, so I argue with myself, and I'm not sure when I'm talking, you know, what hat I'm wearing. I don't really understand what a product owner of architecture even really is. We need architecture. That's what we need. And we need people to do their job. If Elton's dropping things on the floor, that was on the board, a long time ago. How did it get removed if he didn't deliver it? I mean, these are just fundamentals. But the problem is the product owner in that space is to prioritize the work and make sure.. They're treating a team of architects like a product. And I'm sorry, Jill, but I don't think that's working., let's not get side toact on. on the minutia of agalum, and that I think we have so much bigger fish to fry here. I'd like to go back to you guys educating me a little bit here on whether or not the what is injira and what is descriptive of the critical path, the order of operation and the plan. If it is not going to be adequate to describe our road map, then we need to build a separate road map. But I question why, what is Injira cannot represent a robot? I'm gonna go back 20 years when we just had a project plan, and that project plan was would follow your contractual obligations. We can call it whatever we want to. Road map, Ajer Planning Bo, what have you, but we've got to protect scope. We have to lock in and say, "This is what we're going to deliver. Here's the plan to get there. This is in scope, that's out of scope." Anything else that comes up, like a rules engine or whatever, that has to go and be approved, you know, just an old fashioned change management in order to say,Okay, we're gonna accept this new thing. It's outside the boundaries of what we agreed to." But Brandon, I agree with everything you're saying.'re spot on. But we don't have that. We don't have that., I don't think that's the girR board. Okay. Because every back to Matt's point, we'll push back on something and say, "That can't happen now." Sure, it's fine. It has to happen, but it can't happen now. Okay. That's the kind of stuff that would be fluid on a girob board, but the overarching scope of what exactly do we need to deliver? What exactly do does the enrollment builder need to do? When can we say the enrollment builder is done? Like these prompt components were supposed to be done. I thought the end of sprint or PI2. But we're still working on them. So that tells me something changed or. I don't know. But we can't answer these questions. We don't have anything to answer these questions against. There's nothing concrete that says, this is exactly what we're going to deliver. Nothing more, nothing less. And that concept of that, I think what Jackie called MVP it seems like that's been kind of thrown out. Yeah, it's too fluid. It's all over the place. This is nothing about Jackie Perse. It could be it's coming from Mess CA or anywhere. I don't. I don't mean to pen this on her by any stretch. But we don't have a concrete thing that all of us can look at and say,Look, we can project a burn down to this definition of done between now and the end of the project and all the PIs in the middle. And it's cool that things are still agile and fluid in between, Right. But we've got to protect scope. Okay, that's fantastic. That's brilliant. So let's build that in such a manner that all of us could look at it, and everyone in this coal says, "Yep, that's what I was thinking of." Let's build that then, man." And then obviously I'm, you know, Jackie is away today, but, but we should sit down with her, and let's get that built out. So, tomorrow, we're all going to sit in a room, or we're gonna do that, and figured the we're speaking. So, once we've done that, now we understand what it is we have to build. We've described all of the. Well, I was about to use the word ethics, but let's stay away from that. We've described all the delivery.. What was that, Joe? I said "functionality. Yeah, well functionality. And then we can move forward..., you know, do we is that a predecessor to where I being able to decide whether or not we are able to function? I mean, Matt, the way you describe it, it sounds like the team is falling apart. People aren't coming to work, you said,They don't know what to do, they're despairing. I hadn't picked up on that. other other than, you know, Rob Bezzy, of course, but I've known he was probably going to flame out at some points for three months now. But.. what else do we need to do, math, to make this work? Good ahead, Jill. I was just gonna jump in on the defining the scope. There are so many cases where I hear things like, well, we haven't figured that out yet. General Ledger, phone integration, RDS, we're getting to, but those pieces that are later, I'm wondering, how deeply do we need to go to define that scope to get it in a project plan with what we know now? I think at this point, this is just an opinion, I'm pretty be completely wrong, but it feels like we've kind of got. Hopefully this is unprofessional, but we got to go to the Nat's ass on this at this point, as we are, we're kind of late in in the game here. Even down to Microserv, I appreciate where Elton's heart's at, but, you know, that kind of stuff needs to be called into question.. I'm a little surprised to hear things like RDS and such, there were meetings, there were I mean, there's such a's such a smell of people problem here that I don't. I don't know how to put my finger on that, but who assuaged the concerns and a little bit of the chaos, I think going to a very granular level on that scope is probably going to help lend itself to resolving some of the nerves and anxiety that's floating around, you know knowing what we're supposed to do and what the you know, helping people to believe that we can even be successful. I've already started doing it, Brandon. I got a mind map of the system. I'm putting together a domain model, but I also have the do driven design analysis that. identifies categorizes and even sequentially, you know, puts it in place of, you know, what we need. But if we what we need to do is just, like you're saying, take that information, we need to put into the project plan, the plan and scope is going to be essential. Like we have the limited amount of time. We have all the features deliver. We know what they are. So what degree and scope are all these features and, you know, how do we create everything in the right sequence so that at the end of the day, we have a working application. That's pretty much it.. So, I mean, back in the day, we had a project plan prior to put in everything in Ua. Is this not not it? What am I missing, guys? This is a loaded scope loaded scope controlled project plan that you know and uses resources and durations and everything else. Now, we've dispensed with this because it' all in JR now, but what am I missing? Is that granular enough? Is that granular enough? No, actually, it isn't.. I don't think so. Where are the all the payment transactions and the verification certifications for service providers? Sureations. that's all in JA. Now, once we got to the point we could make that more granular, because this was intended as a row map. This is, you know, before we dispensed with this, and then we built this, you know, and you drilled all these in, and we built this into Jira. All that's in Jira. But here's the splash. I don't think so. Well, correct me if I'm wrong here, Matt, unless something is dramatically changed. What we have in here, when you really double click on a lot of this stuff, it's very high level and folks sort of just throw out something very generic, and then they're like,Okay, technical people tell us what to do.".. It is not as granular as you may assume it to be. Correct. That's the case, then, then thank you. Then then that is the problem, then. It has been a problem for a long time, yeah, yeah, we got a tighten that down. Well, there's a reason for that. I was told that the stories have to be in this format, they don't contain any engineering detail, they don't contain anything related to how things like that. And some engineers have an issue with that. But it was interesting what kind of, I think, let Robert go off the edge was they didn't know what data to map. And in a meeting, I think you put this one together, Philip, and then we said, well, that information. Someone said that information's in a jR ticket. And there was some Jira somewhere that had all the data fields. Unbelievable, where the entire team, engineering team didn't even know it existed or believed it existed. But there it was. I mean, it wasn't detailed like you're mentioning, but it was enough information to think about, to start the discussions and conversations of how to implement it. And they just thought it didn't exist. But were. Yeah, it's troubling. Moving into solution, it sounds like we understand the problem. or at least big chunks of it. Matt, Aztec lead, how can I be in service to you? Good news and good timing, and ironic way. this big data stuff is kind of off my plate, especially as of next Tuesday, but really in the large, it's off my plate. How can I pull up a side you and be in service to your role and help you start to get a handle on this? I think it starts with getting data and getting a core foundation set up. The database is the linchpin of everything. Okay. That is where we have one person three. I think Bradley Larson was doing some of that.anda. So Ananda, Bradley Larson, I hear. Other than that, I've heard that each team has a little bit of autonomy on how they create their schemas, which is like, I'm not sure we like, I like that. But it has to get done. We have to have a legacy data in our system operational. Okay. maybe your right hand on that, and I will help to to get my arms around the data. And the good news is, I already understand a lot of this stuff. And so I'm happy I'm happy to roll up my sleeves there, and be fingers on keyboard and get this data mapper thing solved, get the fields broken down. I've already crawled through and seen a lot of the Goldbridge data for some. I'm not talking about data mapper. I'm talking about legacy data from the legacy system. So the plan for all data migration.. The core data schema needs to be in place. That's a prerequisite for a data mapper. Well, it surprises me that we don't have that. Okay, well, then I'll do that. Honestly, I've already broken that schema down partially. It should not take very long. So I'm happy to roll up my sleeves there, and get my third normal formont. So tag me in. In terms of how do we get comfortable with the project plan, I'm putting that in quotes, this is where we have been maintaining all of the things that need to be done. This is how Jackie uses initiatives, this is how it was initially broken down into these are the major chunks, and she allocates them to the teams based on this. Could we take the feature list that you have identified, Matt, and just go through it and make sure that it is all reflected in here and add where it's not, and then reorder accordingly. But what would work? Yeah, that would work. Yep, that's exactly what we need. Okay. And I think we need to bring that down to a very, very granular level. JL, down to even starting to define these user stories ahead of sprints. Even if they don't have the technical piece of those, that we can use refinement cycles for that, totally cool. But it can't be can't continue to be. Here's initiatives and ethics assigned to teens and people or whatever you. Go figure out. And then, yeah, go figure it out, or what Matt mentioned. Like, there's not even an awareness of where the heck any of that stuff is or that it even exists. Okay. Our tooling has a gap. We don't identify features, so we go straight from an initiative to epics, which, to me, Jer doesn't support the feature, except, sadly. Well, we need to make it do it or do something... I agree. But that gap there, the way we organize and look at work is a little wonky. So initiatives could be features. Epics are used to size to get done in a certain period of time so that we can chunk the work, but there's I don't know that there's a reason why initiatives could not represent the features. Sure. Sure. I'm not sure what a feature is, is provider enrollment a feature or is it something smaller. You can bend I think it's probably not quite in feature. Orm provider enrollment. We might have to flip them a little bit, but we can.. So, PBG, you maybe jokingly said, we're gonna dedicate tomorrow to doing this. How do you want to prioritize and get a heads down focused event to make this happen? So, you know, in a perfect world, I would like to say, and if Jackie were here today, I would say, letet's do it today, but let's put at the very least, Jill, Phillip, Matt, and Brandon and Went I' been leaving you out because you actually have real work probably to do other than sit here and doing this, but your voice could be very valuable as well. The point is, let's sit down here and do this now, because here's the thing. I have been sitting here for a year and a half listening to my leaders arguing with each other about the right way to do a thing, and at this point, I just want you guys to choose a way, and I'll get behind it, and then let's just do that. Um, I am horrified to find out that we don't all know what's in Jira. I mean, you guys are using the tickets that are in Jira for your PI planning. How on earth do you guys not know what's in them? But let's fix that. Let's fix that right now. So, there's nothing else more important. Cancel cancel your schedules. Let's sit down do that? I feel like there's some big risk with doing it without the person who knows how this is built. I'm gonna call, Jackie and see what. I don't know what you guys said to her yesterday, but it's not like her to just disappear for any cold and see she's okay, but but, yeah, we need Jack to hear for this, too. What What did you guys did to her yesterday? What did you guys. Did somebody, like, really press her hard or something? I got one item, maybe. Mm hmm. I know she was asked to do the full project plan, but I know that was a huge ask before, you know, short term, just one person doing it. The other thing that came up, that was an issue was that we were going to use Quarry Builder for features, meaning we would let the administrators, users of the system, go to Query Builder and basically run queries to extract a recipient list for, let's say, telling a household they need to provide some sort of documents or schools to provide this information, etcera. That was a comment. That's the usage of query Beller. I said, well, typically in apps like this, I've been doing these for a while. Those are part of the system. You know who the recipients are? If you want to append some recipients to the core recipient list for specific operations that go to providers, households, schools, etc., Those are just built in. You can create the templates and the messaging there, but we already know what the recipients are. If you want to append, like, you, some administrator or somebody, IT stakeholder, or someone who wants to be part of that, you can certainly do that. And she wanted to send me a video that was recorded that shows, I guess, them doing that or wanting to do that. I didn't have access to the video. It was blocked by permission to. I'm like, that's the exact conversation, even inclusive of like,Hey, this is security risk, this is technical risk. How do we protect the integrity of the system? Like, this is very unusual." I agree Exactly, man. So you know, those are things that have to be part of the system, yes. So we just don't build them independently. We're not building Cry Builder to be our recipient selection tool for communication Center. I mean, that's what we were told to build. That's the whole reason. Yeah, this is rather than going down a rabbit hole here, I'm just going to underscore that controlloscope. We've got to maybe Jackie needs assistance pushing back on SCA. I don't know, but but I have had the exact same conversation. It's. This sounds like ordinarily what you would just filter. Like, this is just filtering in a. It's a classic UX pattern, it's easy to implement, it's a norm within the world of web, and it was like, no, you have to do this. This is you have to do this. And so we're negotiating core promises, like enrollment builder when we should be focusing on weird stuff that is just hard and odd and not like, that's gonna be a heavy maintenance cost, but we were kind of just told, no, this is absolutely in scope. And if that's the case, that's the case. That's what the client But we have to then educate the client on what the impact of that is, or move it to a phase two. What're pushus back at the plan. I mean, just push back on the client. I said I feel like I'm repeating record here, but I am prepared to push back on the client on anything. Um, not on absolute core functionality delivered to them, unless you guys can be. Yeah, but I mean, yeah, let's as we go through this process of upgrading what is injo, being what you guys need, let's also identify any scope that's in there that we feel either A, upon further reflection, might not do for you what you think is gonna do. We propose you cancel or push this out. B is, as upon further reflection, really too complex, and the ju is not worth the squeeze. We propose you cancel this. Or C, let's put this in phase two. They're totally open to a phase two. Um So we have been given all the tools that we need to make this work. We just all need to agree on how we want to approach this and just go do it. I agree. I don't think that back to that there's not a good benchmark for is that MVP or is that not MVP from which to push back? So that's where we are. Yeah. Okay, I do the other thing just for context in Jira is that Jackie has had several conversations with P.Os this week coming up with a plan on how to rework it, so that's another reason that I think we need her in the reworking conversation. Agreed. Wesley. Poor Wesley. I apologize. Are You're trying. I apologize. Nope, it's. I understand I'm actually really glad to hear these conversations happening, because, you know, these are things that I think that a lot of the developers have kind of felt like, you know, sometimes we say stuff. But my main question really is, I know we're still delaying enrollment builder However, you know, I mean, I guess the thing that I push back in this case, on from our side for Eagle Fang, is that we really have maybe a sprin or two left for the core functionality of the enrollment builder itself. The prep for data mapping, that's a separate group of things that we can do, but I mean, I guess we're pretty close to done, and there's a little bit of frustration, I think, and we've been kind of pulled off. We're kind of trying to find guesswork right now to kind of fill time that'll provide value. But, I mean, I'm kind of wondered where we are starting the land on that. Quick question on that. Is that kind of what happened, Wes? Is that enrollment builder was put on pause? Yes, um, we. We did the assessment. VI planning. Yeah.. I dedicated my time to helping with getting the assessment, writing out what we needed for enrollment builder, kind of what the time frames were looking like, was what we've got. and actually compiling a list of the requirements that I saw it for the enrollment builder at this point. That was a result of conversations that happened in PI planning because of some of these questions and the fact that renewals are now the first thing that they're going to need. Whe that was the right decision or not, I'm not arguing, but just giving contact. Yeah, yeah, and this is we got to just tighten. This is just a takeaway for us to tighten up because I I actually remember this now, and I remember, I think was Robert and I arguing or not arguing, but making the case of if you can't save data, you can't do it, you can't win map it. You can't then do query builder, you can't then build a functionality, the query list of emails for distribution, like. And it was kind of, quote un hold anyway. I thought that that we were finishing it before Lingway, it doesn't matter, but I think this is something we'll just, yeah, yeah, exactly. This is something that we're just gonna have to take away is.. It's. We definitely need to we need to tighten up this as a partnership, not a one way communication stream. Bring down. Okay, so Philip BG, what's the, what do you want to do to try and get Jackie in a conversation with us? Well, I'm going to call her right now, first off, and see you, what's going on, how she's doing. And tomorrow and you know, unless you guys feel there is something else that is more important than getting this result, and I don't mean that sarcastically, if there is, but I think that we take the day tomorrow, we start at 8:00 a.m., and with the exception of why having to go to Stirko, not physically, of course, because I have COVID, but with myko, that's it. That's By the end of the day, tomorrow, you know, Matt and Brandon, to your satisfaction, we have built out something that you feel will will give you the ability to understand what what done is, what good looks like, and when it can be achieved by, does it, we stay until until the wee hours, we have to. We just get this done once and for all. I feel like the vast majority of what you need is in you're in some form or another, and maybe just needs to be improved, and we can we can, you know, spece out what needs to be added to it. I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but you tell me. Okay, let's do it.. I think it's the starting point. It's the best starting point we have. And Wes, I agree with Phil that you probably have bigger fish to fry, but I'd like for you to at least be a guest for part of this so that we can speak to the assessment and progress and the details of enrollment builder and the work that you did to assess kind of what's what's remaining. Absolutely. whenever you guys need me, feel free to ping me. I think tomorrow I have Thursday Oh, um, yeah, all I really have are the Leeds meeting and the bug triage tomorrow, so I am available pretty much the entire day. and I have basically told my team for right now that my priority is to make sure of the assessment. Any questions about the assessment and anything else like that. So I can kind of delay my start of stuff for a day or two, and that's not a problem. So whenever you guys need me, feel free to ping me and I should be able to join. Awheticing. Um. Okay. PB you one other thing that maybe you want input from this group? Um, maybe you don't. We have to say something to Steerco tomorrow.. No, I'm not saying the thing that Steer code until I know. No, I mean, what do we tell them in terms of how we are doing the project Everything's. Nothing. Everything. Yeah. Well, here's the thing. I don't have any serious risks on my dashboard because apparently, my dashboard is for shit. So, step one, I can't tell them anything until you guys can give me real information. And if what's injuria isn't real information, Bl get it real good. Let's do this thing. Okay. And if what comes out of tomorrow is, yeah, we' good. You can't do a fine. If the math says this is at a certain threat risk threshold or above, and for me, that's going to be about 65% or above. that we can't do this in time, then my question to you is can become become, how can we stage enrollment builders, such that we deliver this piece mail. And then if you say to me, "No, Phil, we can't do that, then it's going to be, "Okay, if we have to scrap a roller builder, what does that look like?" So we can we just put this arrest at a high level right now? It sounds like'ause I I keep hearing Wes say, we're close to done. So is that true? No. He said a week ago that it's gonna take him one and a half to two PIs to complete. Can you answer the question, please? I don't know. Uh, so, there's the two parts to the enrollment builder in and of itself, where only maybe about a sprint or two at most, from finishing that unless somebody comes up with a change that is gonna rock that. The data map proportion is another part of it, and that part we cannot speak to. So that's the part that may take another sprint, may take another two sprints may take a, I don't know. I don't have any knowledge of what that's going to look like. From what Robert told me with the data factory stuff, we're going to have to set up the data factory to import the legacy code anyway. And so he was assuming that was just going to be all part and parcel of what he was building with Data factory. Okay. That's Yeah, and he's, he's He's off there reservation there. Okay. frustratingly, so I shot down Data Factory for a major reason. Okay. I think I can work with you, Matt, so that we can come up with an agreement on what data mapp is really meant to even accomplish. I think this I'm happy to kind of shine an item to the bed and show that there is no book man. But we still need to consider that this is where the scalability concurrent user issue is when we're enrolling or registering households and students. The current process is that there's an API call between every transition. we can spend some time on that as well. We're doing We're doing and right, so we have some things to work through in terms of performance so that we not performance, but concurrency and scalability there. Totally fine, totally fine. And this is an area that would do a refactor of how the UI transitions and uses the workflow definitions. And when and where they save their data and how they retrieve data because there's other requirement for them to walk away from a current registration and pick it up a day later or from work and pick it up at home, etc. So those things are not inc consideration in terms of the current workflow that we have. So to me, those are fundamental changes to enrollment builder from the UI perspective. And I don't know if that's part of your plan, Wes, if you think we can do all of those changes in, you know, one to two to two sps. Yeah, so, go ahead, Wes. So the problem of stepping away and coming back, we, since we have a session IDs, all we'd have to do really is store that for the user, and then they can come back to where it is at that moment with the prom that they work on. We can get that information and we can use that. We already have kind of a path to that already mostly built within the within the API call itself. So that one is pretty close and all we'd really have to do is store that in such a way, either on the user profile or something else, so that if they completely change browsers that they can still maintain that. Okay, so then we need then we fully need the data mapper to be real time and not as the current documentation states that it runs as a batch after a registration period is complete. So we have lots of gaps in that whole flow right there. And we don't. I think it's just a matter of so what's clear to me is that the time between working with Robert and Elton and now a lot has come undone. And I think, Matt, in our last one on one, we talked about some we're going to be scheduling, some regular sinks for us. I would encourage us to do that. I would like to reset some of the expectations and assumptions that have kind of been laid out. There's.. Maybe it's just 'cause I spent a year thinking about it, and it's just isn't so scary to me, but it feels to me like we've got a runaway train here, and it's I'd like us to maybe you'll say, look, after listening to you, you're nuts. This isn't easy. That's fine, Alexll accept that. But I would like to at least spend some time with you on these topics. and see if we can't assuage some of the concerns or about just how big it will lift some of this stuff really is. Real time dataers, for example, things like that. That's that's not on the table. That's not on the table or it is? Not mm. Well, we have to a conversation Things like data mappers, there's already a design for that. I hand it off to Robert and, you know, Burst Elton, and he was Buturd, so Robert got it back, all this stuff, and it sounds like it just really hasn't gone anywhere except where his whim took it. So let's see kind ofid. Yeah, and look, just not to drag out the details, but Phil and I struggled for quite a bit with some of the personalities and situations with the architects. And it sounds like some of what the mess we have in front of us is some lack of delivery, some folks not playing well on the sandbox, not communicating, things, not residing things openly. But I'd like to at least talk about these areas with you, tell you where I was thinking the solution would go. Some of the prior design and thoughts surrounded. In fact, there's even a steme out there, the very very thin one, that I can point to. I don't know if it ever got published or if maybe it was retracted, but there is thought around a lot of this stuff. And key assumptions in order to keep things simple so that we can deliver it. So I'd like this to just circle the wagons and talk to that. So let's do this, guys. I just hurled A, just a big blocker in the calendar for tomorrow, and I'd like to establish what it doesn' we're going to accomplish tomorrow, right now. Brandon, could you describe to me exactly what it is, and then I'm going to turn to you, Matt, 'cause really, it's the two of you that I'm negotiating here, right? For my part? I want you guys to tell me exactly what it is that by you know, by the end of the day, tomorrow, we have to have, for both of you to feel confident you have a thing that describes what we're doing, how we're gonna do it, and want it to be done by it. For me, it's real simple a project plan from now to the end of the project with exactly what's in scope, exactly what's in not in scope. And if we have to get into the nitty, nitty gritty details on some of these areas, I'm not opposed to that. That's a good thing. What we need we need to know exactly what we're delivering, and then we need to bring that to you, Phil, to say, this is an immutable object unless approved and the impact of the timeline accepted by the client. Perfect. Thank you. Well set. Matt, anything you want to pend or, uh change on that? Well, I mean, we are we taking over the project plan and the product roadmack, the direction there from the PM and POs that we currently have to do this Like, I'm all in for saying, here's the technology architecture. These are the parts and pieces that need be implemented. Yes, it needs to align with the project plan that we have in Jira. I mean, I could do it. I've done the project plans in many projects, and I think you probably have two, Brandon. So, yeah, we can do that. I think what it is, we have a list. I have a list of domain things that are part of all the features. We just need to find where they are in Jera. And do they map? Is there a swag of estimation? And what are the dependencies and order of work and lay it all out? Can we do it in a spreadsheet? How do you like, what's the format deliverable? We' I want this done in Jura. Injira? Injira? That is our tool. Okay. No, Hang on. I actually I wasn't actually expecting pushback on that. Since you did push back, okay, please explain. Oops, I have a clarifying pushing as well, I mean, I think the end result that gets into Jera, but there's probably. There's probably faster ways to organize an orchestrate and kind of get this work in place and then. It is the end result I'm talking about. If If we work with crayon on a piece of cardboard, that works fine for me as long as it ends up injura in the end. We could export all of the epics from, if you have a different source, and you want a map your domain to the Jira Eics, and then if that's a better way to move things around. Okay. I guess my pushback is, to me, this is a project management thing. This is Jackie and her team still. I know I'm a P.O. on this on Pat team, but I think my scope is really technology roadmap, the cross-cutting concerns we have database as well to consider with Dev Ops for infrastructure. That is part of this plan as well. We need some overlay there. So I'm wondering if Brandon and I we could do this, but does it make sense for us for only us to do it? Will product be involved in this? I think. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Maybe it is. No, no, go ahead. Go ahead, John. I know, Brandon, you and I talked about this some time ago, but that was kind of before you got busy on other things. We've got in the JR plan the product stuff. We don't have as much detail on the, you know, any other architectural and systemic stuff that needs to be built. possibly, it's two things, one building out that piece of the epics or features in Jira. and then also doing this comparing everything that you have, Matt and make sure that it is reflected in Jira and where it's not adding to it. Yeah, I think we could use some help there. Matt alluded to this earlier and an example that these stories kind of lack a lot of that engineering side, and they were told. Essentially, we went to these holistic featured kind of concept, and we lost kind of that technical presence in these stories, not retreating the past, you're just that's kind of where we are. And I think we could use your help to find the happy meaning. I understand the holistic story kind of concept, but, you know, does that do we need to break those down into tasks? Are those, you know, do have Basically, how and where do we represent that On one hand, we've got these enabler of epics, and that't makes sense, but there's not really a bridge between those and making it into the, you know, actionable user stories, the developers are like, "Oh. here's everything I need, I get it. Here's where I can apply my creative license, and here's where I participate in refinement for the technical side, here's kind of what's been done in prep. Um, all that just to say, I think we need some help, kind of tuning that up. Matt, do you have any extra ads to that? No, I mean, we need all of it. We need more cowbell everywhere. Everywhere. Where does the cowbell go, Jill? I think our PI process really is, like, so gating and overkill the invent mechanism we're using to divine stories and work in Jera. lacks the structure and continuity from one thing to another. It's like a foot pistol has been given to everyone, and here we are. It's frustrating, I think. I think that's why people are frustrated. People are leaving and whatnot. It's it's weird. Not that it can be overcome. I mean, I wake up every day. I'm like, I think we can do this thing. Not the way we're doing it today, but I still think we can do this then. Until you get to your first meeting. No, I've been on I've been in worse situations, like, and we've come out of it. So I'm like, this doesn't scare me, is what I'm trying to say. I think we can do it. But if we're going to try to do it the same way we've been working, though, you know, up to now. I think we have some realizations to consider here. Like, you know, we need to be effective. There's that crazy movie, you know, asks every day. Are we effective team? I have to say we're not. Well, I appreciate we're enthusiasm, Matt, and I accur that, I believe we can make it there as well, and I have every bit of faith and Jill to help us navigate areas that we might be experiencing some pain. Sorry, Joe. I'm gonna cut you off. Yeah. Glad you have faith in me. Um, What do you guys think that Jira is more granular than we need to discuss tomorrow or not granular enough? I'm kind of hearing both ways, and maybe it is both ways, depending on what we look at. To me, Jira is a way to organize and execute work. Mm hmm. The first thing you need to take place before you even put a story in Jira, is to define what you're gonna do. So, if we know what, if we know who, we know when and where they're gonna need this thing and why, then that we can domain model that thing out. When we look at that, then we start asking questions and we can start getting that level of detail. I'm going to tell you a lot of these things that are in our feature list that are over 100 or so features, they're going to require somebody to say, well, what is this thing? What are the rules? What's the data inputs? What are the validation things we need? What does the data schema look like? And how does this information relate to a student or a an enrollment of some sort or even payments if they're trying to do a transaction. Those are all the things that come out of that. So what myself and Brandon would do, we're going to identify these things, but nobody is. I don't think we have the level of detail on a lot of them that we're gonna need to actually get to the level of. Here's a's a feature and a list of things and acceptance criteria and then epics and stories. We can be high level. We can start going groundly on that stuff, but that's what my main driving force here is like, we need to understand all of that and is it going to fit in our window so that we can deliver everything that's, I know I sound like a broken record, but we start with what we're going to talk about with Brandon and myself and product and get it aligned. So if we can make sure we have everything identified, put a number on it somehow, map the dependencies, map the relationships. Know exactly what we're going to be doing, what order we needed. Then you can start looking at, hey, we're going to need a lot more database people or you know, whatever, so we can start helping with resources and things like that. Is some hand? Yeah, I was gonna say, we've been a a long time this morning. I'm going to recommend that we've got our time walked off tomorrow to dive to the road map, start digging into the mitty gritty of the stuff. I think stressed our brains, kind of get ready for that tomorrow. I think how and where we store the information so we can make it workable and usable. It's going to be JR, but how we get into that grangularity, I think that's a question we can tackle as we dissect the roadmap and all tests to come with that. So I was just not getting the weeks about that right now. Let's focus on getting our social credit for tomorrow's working session. That's my two cents. All right, Any parting words? Yeah, I h have a couple. Um, let's do this thing tomorrow. But, guys, let's not get lost in the art of it tomorrow. If some people prefer to use this tool and some people prefer that tool or prefer to use this methodology or that methodology, or I'll want the stories here and then when I want subtasks. No, I want subtasks, I want this, I want that. You're all right. Every single person is right because it's subjective. We just need to decide on how we're going to do it and then stop changing the process. Um, I I cannot sit through another conversation about the pros and cons of whether or not the PO was expected to add the technical details, or it's going to be the lead that adds the technical details, and the PO is adding the functional details, and then I want it to be on the main task. No, I want it to be in the subtask. No one wanted to be here except in this case, and then I wanted to be here, and I only want my all my text in pink. I don't want us to spend an entire day tomorrow talking about how each one of us likes to see it. Let's just decide right up from. Here's how we're gonna do it, and then let's set that aside and just go do the task at hand. Is that Does anybody think that's not a reasonable observation or ask? Yeah, I agree. All I care about Cisco. Great. Matt, what do you think? I care about defining what needs to be delivered. Okay, I hear two votes for scope. Matt, I want to go back to something you said a second ago, and that shouldn't product be in here. yeah, yeah, products shouldn't be in here. Um And I'm going to be reached out after this. I obviously didn't know to do this in advance because we didn't know what we were going today, but I'm going to reach out to the product owners and let them know that we're doing this, and they're going to be in here. They're going to have a lot of questions. Um. Let's try to keep tomorrow focused on just that, just the scope, and let's not get confrontational. Um, let's not attack anybody because they've been doing something this way or that way all along and now all of a sudden we want to make a left turn. That's great. Let's make a left turn. But let's try to keep things tomorrow as supportive as possible, because I have watched this team get emotional at every single turn, and it doesn't ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever help. You ever, Brennan, that you hit on exactly what my concern is, is it's really a question, is I'm not close to the POs, but it sounds like there's a lot of confusion and some emotions that have followed. Dene V, I guess. I don't have an opinion. Just an honest question about, you know, are they in an emotional? Are they in a state, where they can endure watching this happen in real time? Whereas Okay. Yeah, no. This is just smaller smaller group, Jackie andett, and we just we get Raw about what SCA needs and what we're gonna go back to them with. Is that kind of what we what do you think? I think I trust this group to put together a plan of how you want to approach this, and then we take it to the PO, which is probably the best way to do it and just say, okay, here's how we're gonna do it. We're Yeah.. Yeah. We're not going to get agreement from all of these various parties, and every single one of you guys has a passionate, not every one of you. Most of you seem to have a very passionate feel about how to use agile or how to do this, or how to construct that. And anything else is wrong. And they're just as bad for it as anybody else, and I can already hear it, I can hear it. And that can't do what we spend entire day on tomorrow. Okay, so for scope, it's. Who is who is coming to this meeting tomorrow? Yeah, well, I'm gonna call Jackie right now, and see what's going on with.. And I think. Here's the thing. If I say what I'm about to say, then I'm going to end up getting painted as excluding people, and it's not, I guess it would be accurate, but it's not meant in a negative way, I would kind of like it to be the Brandon, Matt, and Jackie show, and everybody else is there to support them. It's kind of what I'd like to have it be.. But I could be totally wrong about that. That feels right to me. Because I think this is less about. This is less about defining actionable, you know, direction for POs to then go put into action on teams. This is more about how do we define something that is, we believe in can be successful between not that we'll exclude them from, you know, providing their input on that, and they might believe the differently. based on what we emerge with, but I think.. we're looking to take into consideration and Jackie really, I think, has this in hand, what has the client asked for? What? Oh, I think so, too. And yeah, and then looking for you, fill in areas where we identify, hey, look, what do you think this would be palatable for us to go back to the CA and say, "Look, we really tighten this down, this, this, this, has to be kind of phase two, and here's what we can do and phase." I think they will still break that. I think they will be so thrilled. They've been asking us to do that. Let's do ahead. And let's do it.. Okay, two things. First off, as you guys know, I have COVID. And which makes me a second point, which is, for the last hour, I have been fading so hard. I am sit in here, I am I have the fever, I'm sweating, I'm shaking. I can't keep doing this. I got to go. I need to go lay down. So I will see you guys at 8 a.m. tomorrow. I'm going to call at Jackie right now and make sure that she's still with us. Get her in there. Um. Jill and Philip, obviously, you guys are here to support Wes, you're on optional. Irew Elton on there as well, by the way, 'cause at this point, I'm confused about what he actually does, and either tomorrow, he's going to jump on there and contribute it or not, but I'd kind of like to hear that, with my own ears. And anybody else do you guys want to bring that you feel you need to have? But I think this walls group possible. is the way to go here. Okay, I think I'm officially rambling, I think I'm officially numb. Let's call it. Guys, this was a kind of a difficult, but I think a really valuable call. I think we have finally arrived at where we needed to be for quite some time. Matt, I appreciate you kind of forced in the situation in which we're having this conversation. Brandon, I appreciate you leaping in. I to be clear, I am the one who completely sequestered Brandon for quite some time now on data. I was very open in the group of that. I would be a little disappointed if it comes to find out that's not how it was being discussed within the group, but that's where we are right now. So by the end of the day, tomorrow, I'd like to at least know what we don't know, right? I'd'd like to know what it is we need to do to be able to provide a team with a phenology road map and understand what our scope is and what we want to push back on. And I would love it if you guys give me some tough assignments, but I have to go back the scaring committee with and say, we're not going to do this, this, this, and here's why." I'm prepared to fight that back. Let's do it tomorrow. Good job. Rest up, Bill. Yes. Yeah, thanks. Yeah, I don't think you guys gonna hear from me again today. I think I need to go lay down. So, I'll talk to you guys tomorrow. All right. You. Talk to guys, honey. Fucking, bunch of shit. Fuck you. Fuckers. 6 to 12, really? Fucking six hours. The fuck you, man.. K fucking bitch. Fucking. name son? 8. Oh, so they have it came me in.. Oh, here we are. Hold in. I know I'm a mess. I am a mess. Crap. Okay, thank you. You know what? I would be a mess without you. More of a mess. Huh? Play, b b Okay, sorry, Ben. Yeah, I'll be there.. Over here. Fuck. Too much. Where's my phone? n Some bicious. Some somebicious.? I dinner for. already done enough, we.. Bad bucks, Bad B.
